feat(FloatingBubble): allow gap xy to be set separately (#13297) (#13429)
youzan/vant: packages/vant/src/floating-bubble/README.md

| axis | Drag direction, `xy` stands for free drag, `lock` stands for disable drag | _'x' \| 'y' \| 'xy' \| 'lock'_ | `y` |
| magnetic | Direction of automatic magnetic absorption | _'x' \| 'y'_ | - |
| icon | Bubble icon | _string_ | - |

> | gap | Minimum gap between the bubble and the window, unit `px` | _GapType_ | `24` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| gap | Minimum gap between the bubble and the window, unit `px` | _number \| { x: number, y: number }_ | `24` |
```
